Updated charter with more focused to work on use case, requirements and a "protocol suite" as deliverable (#7)
jdrosen/aiproto-wg: charter.txt

* AI Agents offer differentiated skills to support task collaboration, which introduces new considerations regarding how AI Agents can be dynamically discovered by their skills for cross-domain interactions.

* Interactions of AI Agents with other AI Agents tools can be long lived, make use of the exchange of significant amounts of multi-modal context and require very low latency. This introduces new considerations around reliability, transport session management and data transport.

* To protect data exchanged between AI Agents (and between AI Agents and tools) over potentially untrusted networks, particularly when handling sensitive information (such as personal data or conversational context), mechanism are required to ensure confidentiality, integrity, and authenticity. This introduces new considerations around protocol-level security mechanisms.

The working group will produce the following deliverables:

Groundwork may bewill be documented through a set of informational Internet-Drafts, which include the following key components:
* Use cases focusing on Agent-to-agent communications, Agent-to-tool communications.

> * A gap analysis and requirements document that examines existing open-source protocols, and derives protocol requirements related to discovery, Agent-to-agent communications, Agent-to-tool communications, and security aspects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A gap analysis and requirements document that examines existing defacto protocools implemented in open-source project(s), and derives protocol requirements related to discovery, Agent-to-agent communications, Agent-to-tool communications, and security aspects.
```
